missing description and a language tweak (#1898)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/storage-provider/filecoin-deals/verified-deals/index.md

## Tools

> Tools and programs exist to support Filecoin Plus, but a Storage Provider needs to know how to operate this entire workflow. See [Filecoin Plus Programs]({{<relref "filecoin-programs" >}}) for more information on available programs. See [Architecture]({{<relref "lotus-components" >}}) for more information on the tooling and software components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools and programs exist to support Filecoin Plus, but storage providers need to know how to operate this entire workflow. See [Filecoin Plus Programs]({{<relref "filecoin-programs" >}}) for more information on available programs. See [Architecture]({{<relref "lotus-components" >}}) for more information on the tooling and software components.
```
